CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Adding a new testcase

When adding a new testcase to `src/test/resources/input`, you can run the tests and find in
the test output the current result as a diff to `src/test/resources/expected_output`. Once
you've reproduced the problem you want to tackle and changed the genjavadoc code accordingly,
it is time to populate `src/test/resources/expected_output`.

genjavadoc is tested with many different versions of scala, and
`src/test/resources/expected_output` is expected to correspond to the oldest supported version
of scala (check .travis.yml).

When changes in Scala cause changes in the expected genjavadoc output, you add them as patches
in the respective patch in `src/test/resources/expected_output`. Remember to clean between
invocations of `sbt` with different versions, and that versions of Scala < 2.11.12 require JDK8,
otherwise you'll get errors like `object java.lang.Object in compiler mirror not found`.

Usually you can just copy-paste the patch from `sbt ++2.12.3 clean test` into,
`src/test/resources/patches/2.12.3.patch`, changing the `+++` line to look exactly like the
`---` line.

Commit message:

build: remove last traces of travis in documentation
Also added a version badge

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Adding a new testcase

When adding a new testcase to `src/test/resources/input`, you can run the tests and find in
the test output the current result as a diff to `src/test/resources/expected_output`. Once
you've reproduced the problem you want to tackle and changed the genjavadoc code accordingly,
it is time to populate `src/test/resources/expected_output`.

genjavadoc is tested with many different versions of scala, and
`src/test/resources/expected_output` is expected to correspond to the oldest supported version
of scala (check .github/workflos/validate.yml or build.sbt for the supported scala version matrix).

When changes in Scala cause changes in the expected genjavadoc output, you add them as patches
in the respective patch in `src/test/resources/expected_output`. Remember to clean between
invocations of `sbt` with different versions, and that versions of Scala < 2.11.12 require JDK8,
otherwise you'll get errors like `object java.lang.Object in compiler mirror not found`.

Usually you can just copy-paste the patch from `sbt ++2.12.3 clean test` into,
`src/test/resources/patches/2.12.3.patch`, changing the `+++` line to look exactly like the
`---` line.
